corrects the wgetrc path from /usr/local/etc/ to /etc/wgetrc in the documentation

--- a/doc/wget.texi	2011-08-06 12:22:58.000000000 +0200
+++ b/doc/wget.texi	2011-08-12 14:13:35.000000000 +0200
@@ -190,14 +190,14 @@
 Most of the features are fully configurable, either through command line
 options, or via the initialization file @file{.wgetrc} (@pxref{Startup
 File}).  Wget allows you to define @dfn{global} startup files
-(@file{/usr/local/etc/wgetrc} by default) for site settings. You can also
+(@file{/etc/wgetrc} by default) for site settings. You can also
 specify the location of a startup file with the --config option.
  
 
 @ignore
 @c man begin FILES
 @table @samp
-@item /usr/local/etc/wgetrc
+@item /etc/wgetrc
 Default location of the @dfn{global} startup file.
 
 @item .wgetrc
@@ -2696,9 +2696,7 @@
 @cindex location of wgetrc
 
 When initializing, Wget will look for a @dfn{global} startup file,
-@file{/usr/local/etc/wgetrc} by default (or some prefix other than
-@file{/usr/local}, if Wget was not installed there) and read commands
-from there, if it exists.
+@file{/etc/wgetrc} by default and read commands from there, if it exists.
 
 Then it will look for the user's file.  If the environmental variable
 @code{WGETRC} is set, Wget will try to load that file.  Failing that, no
@@ -2708,7 +2706,7 @@
 
 The fact that user's settings are loaded after the system-wide ones
 means that in case of collision user's wgetrc @emph{overrides} the
-system-wide wgetrc (in @file{/usr/local/etc/wgetrc} by default).
+system-wide wgetrc (in @file{//etc/wgetrc} by default).
 Fascist admins, away!
 
 @node Wgetrc Syntax, Wgetrc Commands, Wgetrc Location, Startup File
